`griddash` (#6144)
plotly/plotly.js: draftlogs/6144_add.md

> Add `griddash` axis property to match `gridwith` and `gridcolor` [[6144](https://github.com/plotly/plotly.js/pull/6144)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Add `griddash` axis property to match `gridwith` and `gridcolor` [[6144](https://github.com/plotly/plotly.js/pull/6144)], with thanks to @njwhite for the contribution!
```

>  - Add `griddash` axis property to cartesian, polar, smith, ternary, geo and gl2d subplots and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Add `griddash` axis property to cartesian, polar, smith, ternary as well as geo subplots and
```
